Hello, I'm Michael Krasowski from Pluralsight.
I will be presenting the module Promoting Productivity
Through Team Processes in the course Practical Team
Management for Software Engineers.
Now here's a good quote, "if you can't describe what you're doing as a process….
well you don't know what you're doing.
" That's a great quote by Mr.
Deming.
Remember,
if you do not define your required processes to perform the team's work,
things will happen randomly or haphazardly and are difficult to
repeat consistently or to teach new hires.
This is inefficient.
Now when I mean you need to define the processes,
what I really mean is for you to lead and facilitate the defining,
documenting, using, and measuring of the processes with your team,
and maybe reach out to other subject matter experts in your
company or even external consultants to do this.
So we have talked and discussed about many management activities that
you must perform in your new role as a manager.
Now let's talk further about the rest of the processes you will
need to support the development of systems.
Okay now let's do a quick recap since we already have some processes
under our belt and in place from the previous modules.
The first, the process is for aligning IT activities to the business.
Then we talked about the processes for managing customer expectations.
Next, the processes for building team structure and capabilities,
and lastly the processes for acquiring the right talent.
These processes indirectly, if you will, support your team in creating software.
Now let's move on to processes that are more directly tied to
the actual writing of software and systems,
that's what this module is all about.
Okay here is the line up for this module.
First the importance of process in your new role as a manager.
Then managing your processes,
that is you will need a process by which to manage your processes.
Don't worry this is easy.
Next, of course, is the 10 key processes, the core of this module.
I have identified 10 key processes to get you jump started.
Now maybe you only want to start with some of them, that's okay too.
For me though, all work, I'll say it again,
all work must be covered by a process and why is that?
If you can't describe what you are doing as a process,
then you don't know what you're doing.
So when I do my process audits for clients,
I walk up to a developer and say, how do you promote your builds to production,
for example,
and they better answer that they follow a written process or checklist.
It is understandable and known by each team member and
we improve the process as needed.
Okay, that's an A+ in my book. Let's get started.